This lesson, is all about Custom Reports.
We'll see how to use custom reports to surface dimensions that don't
appear as primary dimensions in any of the built-in reports.
Very importantly, we'll talk about using custom dimensions in custom reports.
We'll also look at custom metrics and calculated metrics and custom reports.
We'll review different custom report formats,
including Flat Table and Map Overlay.
We'll see how to hard-filter custom reports.
As an overall theme,
we'll review customer reports as a means of
streamlined stakeholder focused communication.
You never have to use a built-in GA report
when you could set up a more effective custom report.
In this lesson, we'll see how.